Meeting 3rd May 2023

Present:
MA, CC, SR, YJ SM, RP, JL



0:Outstanding Actions:
- Agreed that material needs to be sent before next Weds 2023-05-03. The material will include:

- Summary word doc (draft circulated) -- Done
- James' video -- Done
- Code snippets / instructions to run attacks on example models
-  Yola has written two scripts need a slight tweak to give more print statements then circulate for UWE to make safemodel version

Following actions identified:

- SR / YJ / MA / SM to work together to get the code ready for a new release. This will involve: 
- Merging the metrics pr -- reviewed and basically ready with some tiny changes DONE
- Merging SM's pr -- needs reviewed --has raised some issues that should be logged for next release.
-   ACTION: we need a separate work session for planning on next release contents
- MA's fix to the safe model json (TBC) DONE
- Merging in summary modules (SR / YJ).  DONE
- Making the release (RP) DONE 
-  --ACTION: Do we wanto make a version without tensorflow --RP to look into STR toi add issue
-  ACTION: new issue to look at versioning
- Providing feedback / comments on the summary doc (everyone) particularly around things that are missing, and things that can be removed.
- Updating summary doc (SR) DONE
-


1: Ready to deliver?
--just need scripts tweaking, write safemodel one
what do we want to know 
 - do they get the concept of "data dictionary / transformed data
 - what is reasonable to ask researchers to do in terms of pre-processing
 - where should the transformed data be stored if not in output folder?
 - some questions about wording of things in the summary report
 - do the different attacks take a reasonable amount of time
 - do they want the k-anonymity values?

ACTION for next sprint: clean up the issues about data being put into an output folder.

2: planning for next sprint
- what we are doing and how we are managing that.
- coding: making process better and more consistent via issues,
- maybe those should be adhoc or one-off? 
- coding meeting 11am on 9th.
- Action Simon/ RP: add milestones to the project on github plan release path
- Action: reread the description of sprint 2 from proposal doc on teams and think about whether it is still fit for purpose
   BY NEXT WEEK
   
   Aim is to be able to put a lot more detail in next week.

3: Doodle polls etc - meeting planning

Chair for next wednesday: JL


