## Present

 Alba, Jim, Maha, Yola, Richard, James,Chris

## Apologies
Simon joined: 12:15


## Agenda
Previous meetings' actions:
1. Check pull request [#229](https://github.com/AI-SDC/AI-SDC/pull/229).
 - (RP) had a look: failing on test due to not being able to store data on CI, so is failing. Test just needs to catch the exception. (SR): Easily fixable with some help from SR or YJ. (YJ): Fine to cover 
 - DONE
2. Experiments update (ACB). 
 - Target models created for AdaBoost, DT, RF, LogReg, SVC DP, SVC linear and rbf and XGBoost.
 - UPDATE: Alba having access issues: focus on LIRA, Jim to say when structural ready, @Jim: start paper with formal hypothesis for people to look at @Jim and Alba to liaise outside meeting
3. Update on alternative datasets (ACB)
 - Datasets available generally not well-explained. 
 - Looking on OpenML - some good chances. 
 - (JS) What are the obvious cases that we are missing in terms of ranges of sizes, number of classes etc? (ACB) Limited cover of multiclass classifiers at the moment.
 - (JS) Worth having some bigger datasets to see if some problems go away, or whether some conventional metrics go awry. (JL): worth possibly just taking a big bootstrap sample from existing dataset, possibly with some pertubation? (SR): simulated A&E dataset is much bigger than what we are using. Gut feeling is: the more classes, the easier it is to attack things. Maybe stick with binary classification for SIMA&E rather than multiclass, so we are changing one thing (dataset size) only.
 - UPDATE: ACB has documented lots of other datasets. Agreed to use 20K of synthetic-AE so we ccan talk about scalability of LIRA/SVC-DP, and things like whether rosks goa away with increased sample size
4. (ACB) Is it worth looking at attribute inference?
   
 - (JS): Yeom paper suggests that in a sense attribute inference is at least as hard as membership inference. Possibly worth looking mostly at membership inference. Preference for what to do next with limited time would be work on new datasets. (SR): Relevant metric for attribute inference is how much better you can do on training data than on non-training data. (JS) Will create issue.
- NOT DOING for now
5: User Stories: DONE


## Discussion of paper in preparation

1. Predicting performance on  basis of hyper-parameters: RP: we get ~70% accuracy on predicting target performance  from hyper-parameters,
  - perhaps not suprising otherwise people would not do grid-search
  - result that riskiness generalises
  - ACTION: RP to circulate links to paper.  Explore relationship between relatice risk and capacity: DoF but also wrt 'splitting' /VC-dimension (but those would be impracticla to compute)
  - ACTION JL: look  at Rademacher complexity: email RP with links to implementation if found
  - ACTION JS: provide code to measure capacity for forests:( 2 per internal node + (n_classes-1) per leaf),
  - ACTION ALL: look for relevant papers on measuring model complexity, email with links ot paperrs, and code if possible, for off-line discussion
4. (JR): Going to start a discussion group. DONE

5. JR speaking to United Nations next week. DONE

## Next week's chair

Chris volunteered
