## Present
JS, SM, JL, RP, YJ

## Apologies
SR, MA, CC

## Agenda (5 July 2023)

1. Collab cafe (glossaries and terminology) feedback
    - No-one went, never mind!
2. JS Describing ML risk for TRE staff discussion (document sent Monday evening)
    - Suitable for WP1 - it does raise a lot of questions, but is definitely a good first step
    - There is an argument to be made that we shouldn't accept models with a confidence of 1
    - We currently insist that each leaf has at least 10 examples
    - We need to check with disclosure control: are you happy if we have a pure node?
    - We can count the membership of each item in a decision tree nice and simply (this is unusual)
    - SafeModel extends this to k-anonymity for random forest
    - Could we...
        - Run a training set to get prob(A) values
        - Order these
        - Look for unique groups in there
        - This doesn't rule out having two bits of space with the same probabilities
        - This could lead to someone being able to reverse-engineer a RF to get what the original region of space looked like
        - This is something we could do quite quickly
        - Neural networks are a whole other issue in which this doesn't apply
3. Sprint 2 summary
4. User stories discussion - https://github.com/AI-SDC/AI-SDC/issues/141
    - Do these still meet expectations/anything else we need to add/clarify?
        - User story 4: the idea here is for a TRE to hand craft target.json
            - Not supported in this sprint
        - User story 5: Not supported yet - but could be with relative ease...?
            - A discussion about potentially adding a load() function to the safe model
            - Also not supported in this sprint
        - User story 6: not supported
        - YJ to split these user stories out and move 4, 5 and 6 to sprint 3
    - Folder structure: JS
        - Question: for summary.txt, raw_output.json, target.json, and the attack model
            - Where should these go? Should the same module that produces summary.txt move them?
            - Or should we leave where they are for the GUI?
            - We will copy the files (for now)
    - Where is the best place for these?
        - example_notebooks / user_stories
5. Planning for sprint 3 follow-up
    - SM: replicating 'Difficulty of MI' paper using our metrics
        - SM: contacted infrastructure team about increasing GPU and getting codebase to start experiments
    - JL: consider whether using tests for proportions of train/test records in top T% gives different information to FDIF/PFDIF (from last week)
        - JL: they're sensitive to the same thing, but which is more sensitive will depend on the context
            - A small number of samples get listed as high risk and actually are
            - Both are great, FDIF might be slightly advantageous but both are definitely worth doing
    - AOB?
6. AOB
7. Next week's chair
    - SM: next week
        - JS may not make it
    - 19/07: JL
