Meeting 10 May 12:00

Present: James, Maha, Richard, Yola, Shahzad, Jim, Christian, Simon

Discussion on general meeting
 - Getting timelines from TREs for when they will be checking
 - Most TREs now happy to run Python and can run our material
 - Good engagement from TREs
 - May face-to-face meeting looks less likely

CC: Some concern over communication directly to TREs.
 - Better to have a single point of contact at TREs as opposed to direct contact with multiple specialised people responsible for different areas.
 - People doing egress at TREs are good at egress, but maybe do not have knowledge of wider TRE network.
JS: Better to have a single point of contact, but an open science cafe where we discuss our work.
 - Aim to get these done by the end of the month.

Some discussion of 'who decides on the egress (a binary outcome)'
 - JS: where we best are is a binary outcome for which people can argue exceptions.
 - RP: Are we providing information or making a decision?
 - SR: It is important to emphasise to end-users that there is a limit to what we can provide. There is no higher authority and people need to understand that there is a gradient.



Planning on meeting for TRES
 - SR: examples are vital here, especially to indicate the non-binary nature of the decision.
 - Even a safe model has to expose some information on the population on which it was trained.
 - MIA assumes knowledge of the distribution from which samples are selected, and can be


General discussion on work
 - Worth tracking, for a given sample, the number of times an attack identifies it as a training sample. This may not be uniform across training samples.
 - Connection between LIRA and differential privacy. If we can express a trained model in terms of the DP-epsilon of the items on which it was trained, this may be easier to discuss with TRE staff. Similarity is that one sample doesn't change the model that much: if a model remains similar when adding or removing one sample (as in LIRA) it is a similar property to DP.

SPRINT feedback
 - 'Better evidence': This is our way of thinking about this problem and how we measure it
 - 'Helping researchers do stuff better': We are helping researchers use safe models and get useful things released into the real world. We are also looking at how we can give better guidance to researchers.
 - Down the line someone is going to have to help TREs decide what their risk appetite is (at least, what epsilon). In Scotland, this will happen at the PBPP stage.

Actions:
 - Fix up issues for version 1.0.5
 - SR: run some experiments for DP vs LIRA and whether attacks can be done on contingency tables alone
 - Decide which data to use for examples: MIMIC/Nursery/SynthAE
 - Shahzad: standardised AIA and some existing PRs.
 - Christian: will respond with who in HIC will be the contact

