Agenda for 15/3/23:



1. Update on:

- Simon: diagrams for use cases ( in files section of this channel on Teams and attached)
- Shazad: preparing to change design for 'fail fast' in safemodel.request_release()
- James looking at the Yeom paper for suggestions of how to best estimate generalisation error and confidence intervals for test accuracy that rely less on a specific train/test split
- Richard: refactoring/rerunning MIA attacks to see if we can predict risk from target hyper-parameter settings

2. Discussion of Simon's use-case diagram and what it would mean for this project
 
3. Planning for a meeting with WP1 and possibly some TREs to discuss how to frame risk in a way that makes sense to them.

4. Who is going to chair future meetings


### Code updates

Shahzad has been working on modifying the worst case attack so that it is better parametrised and picking up a few errors. 
- Discussion about whether  we should fail if the mean risk of the repetitions is above our threshold,
or if any one of them is above?  
- Proposal is to use max, but to still run all of the repetitions and store their results
  - then the _worst-case-reporter_ might choose to inform the outputr checker of the worst case (highest risk) and how many repetitinos break the safety limit
  - e.g. "X/10 runs exceeed the risk appetite and in the worst case the risk was Y
  - if X ==0 anad Y is low this could be good reason to recommend accept
  - as long as we are reporting on the appropriate metric
- @Shahzad to incorporate this functionality and addition alreporting into the Pull Request
- @Simon and @Richard to look at pull request. 

@Richard pointed out that we may need to be able to specfiy risk differently for each attack
- e.g. AUC for MIA attacks but advantage ratio for Attribute inference attacks

### Quality of estimates (especially of generalisation error)
James: feedback from how we measure confidence intervals. We are not looking at how algorithm works on a dataset, but on how we measure performance of a trained model which is different.
- stability theory suggests that for competent models, as size of training set increases, the difference between the estimated generalisation error and the true generalisation error (i.e. if you had access to all possible data) tends to zero.
   - So could use train-test splits of different sizes to estimate trend.
  - **Q**: does this apply to a fixed trained model as well as to 'the expectation of all models trained on N items'?
- Lots of discussion about best way to estimate attack accuracy for a given trained model.

- All this is relevant in the context worst-case attacks. 
-  Needs further documentation, because it affects how we estimate what is a 'good' model

### Test set Size 
Clearly we need to establish that the resarcher has  provided a reasonable 'minimum proportion' for their test set.
- **needs discussing with TREs how they feel about holding some data back**
- **otherwise we need to add in checks for some sensible  min limits**
-  e.g. testsize is max (some fixed numnber, some proportion of dataset)
- we should probably check whether researches have stratified their train test splits. 
  since the default in sklearn is not to.  

### Providing the right information
- We all need to work on a plain text series of descriptions of what different risk metrics actually measure
by mid-April.
- Jim to arrange a meeting with WP1 and some output checkers to discuss how what we measure relates to what they take into account
- Then form some proposals on the basis of those discussions
   - could possibly feed those proposals into the concensus statement work being done in the PIE workpackage 

### Work on prediction risk from taret hyper-parameter settings
- @Richard is working through this
- Have results for xgboost as target model on mimic with lots of combibnations of xgboost hyperparameters
- Each one of these attacked by training by lots of RF attack models with dfifferent hyperparamters
- aim is to identify what is a _robust_ set of hyper-parameters of the attack model
  - so we can then use that to attack lots of other target models

### Simon's diagram
- was discussed with general agreement that it made sense
- general agreement that if we are going to have an intermediate storage (.json file), then it does not make much sense to be aggregating results prior to putting them in there
  - for example put risk metric for all N repetitinos of an attack 
  - then different reporting moduled may choose ot aggregate them in different ways
  - 
### AOB /next plans
- @Jim to ask Simon or James to chair next week's meeting. 
- Ongoing meetings switched to 2:30 Wednesdays. @Jim to action.

### Ongoing Actions:
@Shazad: create PR for work on fast-fail
@all: create timeline and specific actions for turning Simon's diagram into code
@Jim: set up meetings with WP1 and TREs for April
@Richard: predicting MIA risk from target hyper-parameters,   
  examining how well we can generalise to new datasets from mimic for the same target algorithm
@all: Simple descriptions of what different risk metrics really tell us
 - could be  text descriptions with images
 - or (maybe better) <2min videos
 - **Q**: Should we use a common example scenario?
