Present:
JS, MA, SM, RP, YJ, SR,
Apologies: CC, JL

Agenda:
1: Ongoing actions from last meeting:
- Fix up issues for version 1.0.5
- SR: run some experiments for DP vs LIRA and whether attacks can be done on contingency tables alone
- Decide which data to use for examples: MIMIC/Nursery/SynthAE
- Shahzad: standardised AIA and some existing PRs.
- Christian: will respond with who in HIC will be the contact
2. Reporting format (json etc):
   - All agreed with RP's overview issue.
   - RP/SM/YJ to liaise and coordinate

4. Sprint 1 evaluation:
   - any additional. suggested scripts for TREs to use in sprint 1?
   - what do we want to know from the reverse science cafe,
   - who can attend that? **moved to next week's agenda**

5. Meeting with WP1 reminder: do we need/want to prepare something in advance

7. Plans for this sprint:
  - **S1**, Scoping: conceptual framework and design for including ML support created in liaison with DARE and TREs. Outputs: first prototype version launched to enable design conversations. Draft architecture and API agreed with WP2&3, initial feedback from TREs.
  - **S2A**, Enabling better practice: Prototype extended to include tools for reducing the number of disclosive models needing to be checked - through identifying and reporting where poor design choices and practice can lead to likely vulnerability of trained models. Outputs: Revised design, prototypes for TRE evaluation.
  - **Action** look at how attacks can be summarised and made useful for resarcher
  - **Action** Need help from TREs to recruit rearchrrs who might waork with us.
         - SR to talk to AT about ongoing case
         - JS to email TREs to see if they would contact their researchers,
           and pass on our details. Also talk to DARE/HDR
         - SM to liaise with SK from Pictures
  - **S2B**, Automating Disclosure attacks: Tools for identifying, running, and reporting on, appropriate ‘worst-case’ and third-party attacks on trained models. Outputs: prototype, initial reporting interfaces
  - **Action for next weeks meeting** Identify what else we need to write - scripts etc.

7A: AOB


8> Next Chair RP
