## Present

SR, SM, JL, RP, YJ, CC

## Apologies

JS

## Agenda (12 July 2023)

1. Any further discussion on 'A simple attack on probabilities' (https://github.com/AI-SDC/AI-SDC/issues/202)

SR: should we set this up as an attack on the codebase?
JS last week mentioned K-S statistics. 
Shahzad and Alba may be able to set this up as an attack

Discuss with Jim next week whether to take up
Rule-out rather than rule-in


2. User stories

YJ: a couple of users gave us ideas which are difficult to do much with, but the code has not yet been written to allow it.

SR: A key part is defining the specifications of the file which we would be expected to produce.

SR: Would it be possible, if researchers have done something not in our framework (e.g. R rather than python) could we do a minimal working example? E.G exactly what we want the researchers to export and in what format.
Produce two files
 - all predictive probabilities for training data
 - all predictive probabilities for validation
 
RP: we could write a small wrapper function to output target.json from two R objects as above.

JL: usual format in R is model/data frame. Could start with this.
SR: may be safer just to start from predictive probabilities. 

SR/YJ: Can write something along these lines

JL: train a model in R which does something bad


3. Output directory and JSON filename Issue

SM: Example scripts should specify output directory (where all outputs are dumped), location of PDF report, and JSON file.

If we use the same JSON file across several runs, this should be appended to the names of saved files. SM has now fixed this.

RP: asking to specify too many parameters gets annoying (folder name, JSON name, PDF name). Worth specifying a folder, writes all results into the folder, and appends attacks onto names of files.
SM: worth doing this. If no output directory is specified, one is generated automatically. Can implement this.



4. Discussion on SPRINT3 planning

JS: more experimentation
RP: Still at planning stage


5. AOB

Version 1.0.6

RP: almost ready to go

RP/YJ: issue around divide-by-zero error in AI-SDC 
SR/YJ/RP/JL: Should never be a divide-by-zero error here; corresponds to an infinitely wide or infinitely narrow kernel. 
SR: check with Jim, but maybe remove test which sets gamma to 0 and throws exception.


6. Next chair

CC volunteered - thanks!


