## Present

Simon, Alba, Jim, Maha, Yola, Richard, James

## Apologies

Chris

## Agenda

1. Check pull request [#229](https://github.com/AI-SDC/AI-SDC/pull/229).
 - (RP) had a look: failing on test due to not being able to store data on CI, so is failing. Test just needs to catch the exception. (SR): Easily fixable with some help from SR or YJ. (YJ): Fine to cover
2. Experiments update (ACB).
 - Target models created for AdaBoost, DT, RF, LogReg, SVC DP, SVC linear and rbf and XGBoost.
3. Update on alternative datasets (ACB)
 - Datasets available generally not well-explained.
 - Looking on OpenML - some good chances.
 - (JS) What are the obvious cases that we are missing in terms of ranges of sizes, number of classes etc? (ACB) Limited cover of multiclass classifiers at the moment.
 - (JS) Worth having some bigger datasets to see if some problems go away, or whether some conventional metrics go awry. (JL): worth possibly just taking a big bootstrap sample from existing dataset, possibly with some pertubation? (SR): simulated A&E dataset is much bigger than what we are using. Gut feeling is: the more classes, the easier it is to attack things. Maybe stick with binary classification for SIMA&E rather than multiclass, so we are changing one thing (dataset size) only.
4. (ACB) Is it worth looking at attribute inference?
 - (JS): Yeom paper suggests that in a sense attribute inference is at least as hard as membership inference. Possibly worth looking mostly at membership inference. Preference for what to do next with limited time would be work on new datasets. (SR): Relevant metric for attribute inference is how much better you can do on training data than on non-training data. (JS) Will create issue.

## AOB

1. JS: how did RP get on with SR's suggestion (Take all examples of hyperparameter sets and model performance. Define class labels for an instance of that as 1 if you can make a model with the same or better target performance but worse attack performance. Can we predict this)? (RP) makes the task of prediction really hard. The extracted rule sets do not really generalise to other datasets. Tried having a threshold on accuracy, which did not help at all. Difficulty in prediction itself may be interesting in this regard. (SR) TREs generally want to reduce false negatives/positives. Some analysis around this might be interesting for publication. (JR): Maybe worth having a discussion thread on this. (SR/ACB) May start this on github.

2. (JR): Going to start a discussion group.

3. JR speaking to United Nations next week.

## Next week's chair

ACB volunteered
