# SACRO ML weekly meeting - 23rd August 2023

Apologies: CC, SM, MA

Present: JS, JL, YT, SR, ACB

1: actions from last week:
- user stories YJ/JS:
    - could be ok if they provide a transformed version of the data, indices, class labels
    - just means we can't do attribute attacks, but we just have to say that in our recommendations
    - we can check that the model predictive probabiltiies with what we get
    - if we don't get processed data there is less we can do - new use story?
    - @YJ: Amend user stories to match: 
- AWS environment: Done by CC, ACB to ask HIC about shared spaace for data
- experiments code: ACB
   -  generating all the target models and target results:
      one target model for each dataset-algorithm-hyper-parameter combination
   -  runnng existing attacks on them
   -  running new attacks on those
   -  RP to give ACB set of hyper-param combinations for xgboost. (could be 100?)
   -  either make the scripts take a seed, or make it random, so we can create reps of target model by re-running scripts
   -  AB to start running this week!
   - need to clarify which attacks actually need 10 repetitions
     just worst case? lira does splits internally, attribute inference and static are deterministic
     - @ACB/SR look at changing semantics of the attack class  but number of reps is a parameter  
   -  for now focus on MIA rather than attribute inference. 
- implement runs test: SM Ongoing - JS to check,
- inplement static tests:JS not done

- safe xgboost: to be done,

- SR pointed out that the hyper-parameters don;t guarantee class disclosure - that has to be part of static analysis
  when writing up, remember that white box = black box + static analysis?
  SR pointed out that for random forests can you tell how many outputs went ot each elaf and therefore whether dataset items did go there.
  - would have to look at likely numerators/denominators in probabilities, what does that mean? SR to write up
  - is  bayesian network just a decision tree for these purposes?
  -  
2: Richard's results: lots of food for thought. to be discussed further next week. SR/RP to liase

3: Starting experiments: should be ready to go this week with genersting target models and worstcase/lIRA attacks.

4: Supportng edris" JD to forward to SR

Chair next week: ACB 


