## Minutes for SACRO WP5 meeting 29 March 2022

Present: Jim, Chris, Shahzad, Maha, Yola, Richard, James
Apologies: Simon



### 1. Any updates

SM: Had feedback on Simon: suggestion to make output more generic than just AUC.

SM: Suggest amendments to JSON file: attack metrics summary (name of metric, success threshold, comparison type, etc)

YJ: each file is created once for each type of attack

JL: add something in file for threshold

JS (email): need name of file, name of filename with predictions at row-level, record of train/test split (by indices) and data dictionary

JL: reviewed AUC paper (and papers on similar earlier work). Approach seems sensible to me (variance of AUC amongst all classifiers with identical error rate).

JS: need some people from this work package and some people from 'theory of traditional disclosure control' to meet with people from TREs on how to frame the metrics we are using in ways that make sense to them. In particular: what risk measures make sense to them?

CC: 'Reverse science cafes' are useful ways to gather information from TREs on current processes. Can cover this


RP: New code on Github with demonstration of LIRA attack using XGBoost as a target model. https://github.com/jim-smith/GRAIMatter/blob/mia_tuning_results/mia_analysis.ipynb

RP/JL/CC/JS: some discussion on whether to use AUC as threshold, or p-value for AUC. P-value for AUC is not correlated with generalisation error.


### 2. Deliverables for SPRINT 1

We need to have:
 Conceptual framework and design for including ML support created in liaison with DARE and TREs.
 First prototype version launched to enable design conversations.
 Draft architecture and API agreed with WP2&3,
 Initial feedback from TREs.

JS: need to decide what we report, how tools can be picked up and used, and how we convey those ideas most effectively.

JS: We could use reverse science cafe for this.

JL: potentially worth just continuing as we are and collating our activities in a report at a meeting in mid-April.



### 3. Format of output

See discussion above in 1)



### 4. PICTURES project collaboration

SM to look into this


### Actions
- YL/SR/SM: adapt JSON file with updates
- CC: look into arranging meetings between WP5/WP1/TRE operatives on how they interpret metrics. Invite to be shared with everyone in WP5
- JL/RP/CC: discuss metrics and +/- of AUC/p-value for AUC. RP to report next week.
- JL: start document for SPRINT-1 feedback on overleaf.
- SM: look at collaboration with PICTURES
