## Present

JS, SM, SR, JL, YJ

## Apologies

CC, MA, RP

## Agenda

1. Version 1.0.5 (5th of June - Monday)
- PR #165 - just needs a review? YJ/SR/RP - approved by SR and YJ
- Document output JSON format, issue #126 - SM/YJ?
    - SM: by 1/06 - Done (https://github.com/AI-SDC/SACRO-ML/tree/main/JSON_Output_Format_and_ConfigurationFile_Documentation)
- Document the current attack config format
    - SM: by 1/06 - Done (https://github.com/AI-SDC/SACRO-ML/tree/main/JSON_Output_Format_and_ConfigurationFile_Documentation)
- Any other outstanding issues?
    - See AOB

2. Version 1.0.6
- Streamlining outputs produced
    - Improve ATTACK_CONFIG.json
    - Create TARGET.json
    - Create ATTACK_RESULTS.json
    - Improve summary.txt

JS: had a conversation with RP - will circulate a plan/tasks on Monday

3. This sprint: updates/ongoing actions from 17/05 meeting
- SR was to run some experiments for DP vs LIRA and whether attacks can be done on contingency tables alone.
    - SR has tested this
    - JL: this is DP in spirit, but not exactly
    - SR: can we use this to assess a random forest
        - What's the max output difference for the model, how attackable the model is
        - It's creating somethign DP-ish, but not exactly, because it's deterministic
    - SR: run same experiment again and test further
        - Q: how this leads onto LIRA
        - There is an element of stochasticity in normal processes (how we split training/testing)
            - Is this enough stochasticity to get DP on it
    - JL/JS/SR - take this conversation offline, needs more thought/testing
    - SR: contingency tables hasn't been done yet, waiting on feedback from FR
- Decision which data to use for examples: MIMIC/Nursery/SynthAE.
    - SR: find an example that we can't do with nursery and then switch
    - This was discussed last week - see minutes from 24/05/23
- CC was to respond with who in HIC will be the contact
    - JS: SK?
    - SM: Had some discussion with SK about this - not the one who does the output checker
        - JS: take this offline

4. Hypothesis testing in PDIF metric (JS)
- Does the hypothesis testing associated with PDIF metric just test for differences in proportions? And if so, would be appropriate to use this method for attribute inference as well? We currently report, for each attribute, the ratio of the proportion of the training set that is at risk vs the proportion of the test set.
    - This comes from a conversation with FR
    - Q: when we say a PDIF is statistically significant, are we just doing this as a test of proportions?
        - JL: PDIF is a test of proportions on FDIF - how it was designed
    - JS: when we measure attribute inference, we assume we have all but 1 of the features, plug in all possible values of missing features, and pick out any which are uniquely high in confidence
        - For categorical variables: +- 10%
        - For continuous variables
            - Sufficiently protective if the lower bound of your best guess is +-10%
        - BUT each variable is different and will have a different threshold (you can probably accurately get sex, but does it matter?)
        - A decision for the TREs
    - JS: Create an issue for creating this

5. How attacks can be summarised and made useful for researcher
- JS: This is all 1.0.6 - delay until summary changes are complete
- JS: Do we need to limit what we create in the function?
    - The aiscd creates a lot of files, do we need to document all this in the summary.txt document? It could be confusing
    - We need to provide a little more guidance and get a little more feedback for the meeting scheduled for next week
    - A question on our end: we've asked people to install acro/aiscd inside a TRE, do we need to do this though?
        - We're asking for feedback on..
            - What happened when you tried to install it in the TRE
            - As a researcher, what does it feel like?
            - What's it like from an output checkers perspective
                - SR: running inside a TRE is very different to running on your own machine - it's a whole different world!
                - JS/SR: running it outside a TRE does still produce helpful feedback, maybe this is good enough for the discussion in London

6. AOB

JS: Feedback from FR
- Document is in the SACRO folder - look at this document and give feedback, needs work for complex decision spaces

Version 1.0.5 out by Monday
- SR: Small standardise JSON output PR

How do we remove pre-commit hook emails: SR to check this (please!)

JS: data management record for this project - SACRO-ML has people's initials, and is a public repo
    - Are people comfortable with this?

7. Next Chair: SM
